Question 1: 

The best project would be this :

Link : https://ppcentourage.com/

In this project, my role was a full stack developer.
Meaning that I participated in both integrating backend apis and building pages on frontend side.
We used NodeJS(sails.js) and MongoDB on backend side and AngularJS(1.6x) on frontend side.
The purpose of this project is to optimize Sponsored Products campaigns by using ppc-campaign data from amazon mws services.


Questions 2: Document versioning

As I understood, this point talks about how to efficiently store updated versions of the same uploaded document in a memory efficient way.
It is always better and advised to not to store the full versions of the documents rather to store the differentials.
Since it is mentioned that "test-based documents" so it will be efficient to store the differentials rather than to store the whole document every time.
Initially the full document should be stored in the database as a BLOB storage or can be stored in a media server as well.
From the next versions, only the differentials should be stored in the DB.

Now if the document needs to be created for a particular version, then the document needs to be recreated taking the initial snapshot and applying the changes accordingly that should be maintained in the DB.

Please find the link of a very basic schema which will be required for the implementation of the different versions of a document.

Link : https://ibb.co/jBpvpy

So taking the actual document and applying the different version changes, we can get the complete document of a particular version.



Question 3: Node.js REST Api 

For the rest API task please use the below command to run and test:

npm install
npm start



Question 4: UI Task 

I implement the UI task by using Angular1.x and Angular6.

- Angular1.6

npm install
npm start
npm test

- Angular6 ( node version >= 10)

For UI task please use the below commands:

npm install
npm start
npm run test



Question 5: Bonus task 


For Bonus task please use the below commands: 

npm install
npm test